Now with that short theory lecture out of the way let's go back to working on our components here on
the users list component there is a little adjustment I want to make which I forgot before.
On that output here if we find no users there I also want to use the card's component so import card
from shared components UI elements cart and I will use the card in here to wrap the age to tag with
it just like this does will then look a bit nicer if we have to render it by the way.
If you wonder how I organized my imports I have third party library imports always at the top then an
empty line and then my own file imports where I tend to have to CSX import at the very bottom.
Technically that does not make a difference.
It's just how I like to organize my imports and with that we have this adjusted now let's build a brand
new component from scratch because at the moment does looks okay.
But one important thing that is missing is a header for example main navigation bar at the top that
ensures that we can actually also reach other parts of our application for example at the moment we
can view our list of users we can click to users and at the moment nothing happens but we can change
this.
But what we definitely can't do from inside the application is go to the new places route.
I have to manually enter places new and of course that's not a pleasant user experience.
We don't want to force our users to guess which you are else they can enter.
So instead it would be nice to have a navigation at the top where you have a button that takes you to
the new places page and that's exactly what we'll work on now for this.
I'll go to the shared folder because the navigation isn't really exclusive to one of our pages.
It's shared instead and they are next to you.
I elements I'll add a navigation folder which should hold all the components that are involved in the
navigation menu process specifically in there.
I want to have a main header component stored in a made heterogeneous file and I will have a main header
CSX file for the styling I want to have a main navigation J as file which will be part of the header.
You can say the header will be the shell which provides the styling the main navigation component later
will be the component that has all the links and it will also need some CEOs us for Dad.
I also want to have a nav links j ust file that will actually be the collection of links which we render
in May navigation and therefore I will have a nav links CSX file and also a site draw.
J is followed because this app also should work nicely on mobile screens and there we will need that
site draw.
So a lot of components we have to work on.
Let's start with the main header the main header is pretty straightforward.
We import react from react and then we import main header C as S for the styling.
We have no styling in there yet but that will follow.
And then here we have main header as a component where we receive some props and then return some J
is X later and we'll export that main had a component from this file so we can use it in our files now
regarding the J is X I want to have the normal header element being rendered here and I'll add a class
name to that header element which is main dash header and that will later be picked up by the styling
in the main header C is as follows.
Now what should be rendered between the opening and closing tax there.
I want to be flexible and I want to allow anything to be rendered in there.
Any aged him out components any custom components anything should be render arable in their so we can
use a dynamic expression and now a special prop prop start children.
This is one of the very few special props react nose props.
Children will always refer to the things you pass between your opening and closing tags off your component.
What do you mean by that.
Well let's go to the place where I intend on using main header and that's the main navigation in there
we can import react from react then create main navigation where we also might receive props and then
export main navigation.
Also don't forget to import main navigation don't see us as so we have to styles which will later add
available and now in here in main navigation I WANT TO RETURN MY MAIN HEADER so I'll import main header
which we just created from the main header file then we can render it like this.
And now between the opening and closing tax we can insert what then in the end will end up here in place
of props children.
So in main navigation we can now decide what should be rendered inside of our main header and theatre.
I want to have a button which will later open my site draw and India.
I will have free spans three empty spans simply as bars because I will add some styling which renders
this as a hamburger icon and every span will be one.
Well part of the hamburger we will add a class name here which is main dash navigation underscore underscore
menu dash button besides the button in the main header I want to have a h1 tag with a class name of
main dash navigation underscore underscore title and the text here could be your places or whatever
the name of your app should be.
And then I want to have a NAF element and India.
I want to have my nav links later.
So we're now just three dots.
These will be links later the header here all should be clickable so.
Import link from react router Dom and wrap my text here with it.
So here I'll have the link and then dare to slash nothing to always get us back to the main page when
we clicked the title of the app.
This isn't the end.
My main navigation for the moment and now really keep in mind that what I enter here between the opening
and closing tax of main header will in the end before awarded under the special children prop to main
header and will therefore be output in that place here in props Children's Place so props.
Children is a placeholder for the content you enter.
Between the opening and closing tag of your own component you could say well and now even though some
things are missing let's add styling and let's then render the main header now for the styling.
Again you find attached a main navigation see us as file where you can just paste in the content into
your main navigation file here or replace it at the same four main header.
Make sure you add all those styles I prepared for you.
With that out of the way we can go to the app J.S. file because the header should always be visible
no matter which route you loaded.
So I will not include it in every page but instead render it above all my pages above debts which statement
here.
So here I will import my main navigation from shared components navigation main navigation and dad will
include the main header as you saw and that should be rendered above my roots so that this is always
visible no matter what we load as a page on the rest of the page below.
Well our main navigation.
So here instead of router because I do use the link component from the router package for example but
outside of my roots config I will render may never nation as a self closing tag because I don't need
to pass anything between the opening and closing tax to it.
I also don't need to pass any props to it with that if we save this we have our header here.
Now does looks a bit strange because our place is below the header.
Let's change that.
Let's change it by wrapping our switch step in here with the main component and now on the main component
I want to ensure that we keep some distance to our main header to our main navigation and that should
already be happening because if you'll look into the main header file into the main header see as file
flat provided to you I do add some margin to the main elements so now does looks better and now we still
have no navigation links here but at least we have a header and if we decrease the size here you'll
see the hamburger button goes away because it's already styled to adjust the layout based on the size
we have available on smaller screens.
We do have the hamburger button right now.
However if we click it nothing happens so that's something we'll have to adjust so here.
Let's go to the bigger screen where we have the desktop view.
We now have to work on the different links here and then make sure we also add a side draw that works
on mobile screens.